Sweep Swept Swept Jane tries to sweep the
floor daily.
Yesterday, she swept it twice.
She's swept the house every day since.
Swear Swore Sworn Max tries not to swear.
Yesterday, he swore when he dropped his phone.
He's sworn not to do it again.
Swim Swam Swum
Lily loves to swim in the ocean.
Last week, she swam with dolphins.
She's swum every summer since then.
Swing Swung Swung
Tom wants to swing higher.
Yesterday, he swung so high he nearly
fell off.
He's swung on that swing many times.
Teach Taught Taught Jane loves to teach
her little brother.
Yesterday, she taught him to read.
She's taught him many things since.
Tear Tore Torn Max tries not to tear his clothes.
Yesterday, he tore his shirt while
climbing a tree.
He's torn more clothes before.
Throw Threw Throne Throne
Sam loves to throw a football.
Yesterday, he threw it across the yard.
He's thrown it many times before.
Wake Woke Woke Woken Kate tries to wake
up early.
Yesterday, she woke up at dawn.
She's woken up early all week.
Wear Wore Worn Lily likes to wear bright colors.
Yesterday, she wore a red dress.
She's worn many colorful outfits this month.
Weep Wept Wept Tom tries not to weep at movies.
Last time, he wept during a sad scene.
He's wept at many movies before.